.coveragerc
.gitignore
.gitmodules
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.travis.yml
LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
requirements.txt
requirements_docs.txt
setup.py
bfieldtools/__init__.py
bfieldtools/coil_optimize.py
bfieldtools/contour.py
bfieldtools/flatten_mesh.py
bfieldtools/integrals.py
bfieldtools/kicad_io.py
bfieldtools/line_conductor.py
bfieldtools/line_magnetics.py
bfieldtools/mesh_calculus.py
bfieldtools/mesh_conductor.py
bfieldtools/mesh_impedance.py
bfieldtools/mesh_magnetics.py
bfieldtools/sphtools.py
bfieldtools/suhtools.py
bfieldtools/thermal_noise.py
bfieldtools/utils.py
bfieldtools/version.py
bfieldtools/viz.py
bfieldtools.egg-info/PKG-INFO
bfieldtools.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
bfieldtools.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
bfieldtools.egg-info/not-zip-safe
bfieldtools.egg-info/requires.txt
bfieldtools.egg-info/top_level.txt
bfieldtools/example_meshes/10x10_plane.obj
bfieldtools/example_meshes/10x10_plane_hires.obj
bfieldtools/example_meshes/bunny_repaired.mtl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/bunny_repaired.obj
bfieldtools/example_meshes/closed_cylinder.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/closed_cylinder_remeshed.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/cube.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/cube_fillet.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/curved_surf_w_hole.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/cylinder.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/ellipsoid_cylinder_intersection.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/meg_helmet.obj
bfieldtools/example_meshes/open_cylinder.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/plane_w_holes.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/star.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/thin_film_heater.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/thinspiral.obj
bfieldtools/example_meshes/unit_disc.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/unit_sphere.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/unit_spiral.stl
bfieldtools/example_meshes/unitdisc_extremelyfine.stl
bfieldtools/legacy/__init__.py
bfieldtools/legacy/integrals.py
bfieldtools/legacy/mesh_calculus.py
bfieldtools/legacy/mesh_magnetics.py
bfieldtools/legacy/mesh_properties.py
bfieldtools/legacy/sphtools.py
docs/Makefile
docs/api_reference.rst
docs/authors.rst
docs/carousel.inc
docs/conf.py
docs/index.rst
docs/installation.rst
docs/literature.rst
docs/make.bat
docs/overview.rst
docs/references.bib
docs/_extra/robots.txt
docs/_static/favicon.ico
docs/_static/font-awesome.css
docs/_static/font-source-code-pro.css
docs/_static/font-source-sans-pro.css
docs/_static/logo_simple.png
docs/_static/logo_simple.svg
docs/_static/logo_simple_small.svg
docs/_static/logo_simple_w_name.svg
docs/_static/style.css
docs/_static/fonts/fontawesome/fontawesome-webfont.eot
docs/_static/fonts/fontawesome/fontawesome-webfont.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/fontawesome/fontawesome-webfont.woff
docs/_static/fonts/fontawesome/fontawesome-webfont.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/EOT/SourceCodePro-Bold.eot
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/EOT/SourceCodePro-BoldIt.eot
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/EOT/SourceCodePro-It.eot
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/EOT/SourceCodePro-Regular.eot
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/EOT/SourceCodePro-Semibold.eot
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/EOT/SourceCodePro-SemiboldIt.eot
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/OTF/SourceCodePro-Bold.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/OTF/SourceCodePro-BoldIt.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/OTF/SourceCodePro-It.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/OTF/SourceCodePro-Regular.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/OTF/SourceCodePro-Semibold.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/OTF/SourceCodePro-SemiboldIt.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/TTF/SourceCodePro-Bold.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/TTF/SourceCodePro-BoldIt.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/TTF/SourceCodePro-It.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/TTF/SourceCodePro-Regular.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/TTF/SourceCodePro-Semibold.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/TTF/SourceCodePro-SemiboldIt.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF/SourceCodePro-Bold.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF/SourceCodePro-BoldIt.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF/SourceCodePro-It.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF/SourceCodePro-Regular.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF/SourceCodePro-Semibold.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF/SourceCodePro-SemiboldIt.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF2/SourceCodePro-Bold.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF2/SourceCodePro-BoldIt.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF2/SourceCodePro-It.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF2/SourceCodePro-Regular.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF2/SourceCodePro-Semibold.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_code_pro/WOFF2/SourceCodePro-SemiboldIt.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Bold.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-BoldIt.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-It.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Regular.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Semibold.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-SemiboldIt.otf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-BoldIt.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-It.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-Semibold.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-SemiboldIt.ttf
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF/SourceSansPro-Bold.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF/SourceSansPro-BoldIt.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF/SourceSansPro-It.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF/SourceSansPro-Regular.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF/SourceSansPro-Semibold.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF/SourceSansPro-SemiboldIt.otf.woff
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF2/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF2/SourceSansPro-BoldIt.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF2/SourceSansPro-It.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF2/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF2/SourceSansPro-Semibold.ttf.woff2
docs/_static/fonts/source_sans_pro/WOFF2/SourceSansPro-SemiboldIt.ttf.woff2
docs/_templates/layout.html
docs/_templates/autosummary/class.rst
docs/_templates/autosummary/function.rst
examples/README.rst
examples/coil_design/README.rst
examples/coil_design/biplanar_coil_design.py
examples/coil_design/coil_with_holes.py
examples/coil_design/head_gradient_coil_design.py
examples/coil_design/high_order_spherical_harmonics_coil.py
examples/coil_design/magnetically_shielded_biplanar_coil_design.py
examples/coil_design/mamba_coil_design.py
examples/coil_design/minimal_eddy_current_cylindrical_coil_design.py
examples/coil_design/self-shielded_biplanar_coil_design.py
examples/coil_design/spherical_harmonics_coil_design.py
examples/misc_examples/README.rst
examples/misc_examples/equiv_surface_current_interference_rejection.py
examples/misc_examples/flatten_mesh.py
examples/misc_examples/gradient_example.py
examples/misc_examples/helmholtz_coil.py
examples/misc_examples/interpolate_example.py
examples/misc_examples/line_conductor_inductance.py
examples/misc_examples/linear_medium_bem.py
examples/misc_examples/spherical_harmonics_example.py
examples/publication_physics/README.rst
examples/publication_physics/mumetal_shield_example.py
examples/publication_physics/plot_basic_integrals.py
examples/publication_physics/representation_comparison.py
examples/publication_physics/representation_comparison_potential.py
examples/publication_physics/shielding_biplanar_example.py
examples/publication_physics/shielding_closed_surface_example_direct_invert.py
examples/publication_physics/visualize_suh_components.py
examples/publication_software/README.rst
examples/publication_software/mne_interpolation.py
examples/publication_software/plot_suhmodes.py
examples/publication_software/pub_biplanar_coil_design.py
examples/publication_software/pub_magnetically_shielded_biplanar_coil_design.py
examples/publication_software/pub_minimal_eddy_current_cylindrical_coil_design.py
examples/publication_software/streamfunction_gradient_example.py
examples/publication_software/suh_sph_interpolation.py
examples/publication_software/Biplanar coil/biplanar.pdf
examples/publication_software/Biplanar coil/biplanar.svg
examples/publication_software/Biplanar coil/biplanar_geometry.png
examples/publication_software/Biplanar coil/biplanar_loops.png
examples/publication_software/Biplanar coil/biplanar_streamfunction.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/MEG_geometry.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/SUH_scalp_streamfunction.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/SUH_sensors_streamfunction.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/SUH_streamlines_coronal.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/SUH_streamlines_lateral.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/SUH_surface_currents_lateral.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/field_interpolation.pdf
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/field_interpolation.svg
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/interpolation_colorbar.pdf
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/left_auditory-ave.fif
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/mne_data.npz
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/rbf_helmet_B.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/sph_helmet_B.png
examples/publication_software/MNE interpolation/suh_helmet_B.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/README.rst
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/eddy.pdf
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/eddy.svg
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/eddy_no.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/eddy_transient.pdf
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/eddy_transient_allaxes.pdf
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/eddy_transient_onaxis.pdf
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/eddy_yes.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/shield_eddy_no_time_0.001.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/shield_eddy_no_time_0.005.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/shield_eddy_no_time_0.010.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/shield_eddy_no_time_0.020.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/shield_eddy_yes_time_0.001.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/shield_eddy_yes_time_0.005.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/shield_eddy_yes_time_0.010.png
examples/publication_software/Minimal eddy current coil/shield_eddy_yes_time_0.020.png
examples/publication_software/Shielded coil/biplanar_streamfunction.npy
examples/publication_software/Shielded coil/shielded.pdf
examples/publication_software/Shielded coil/shielded.svg
examples/publication_software/Shielded coil/shielded_biplanar_geometry.png
examples/publication_software/Shielded coil/shielded_biplanar_ignored.png
examples/publication_software/Shielded coil/shielded_biplanar_prospective.png
examples/publication_software/Shielded coil/shielding_effect.pdf
examples/publication_software/Streamfunction gradient/streamfunction_gradient.pdf
examples/publication_software/Streamfunction gradient/streamfunction_gradient.png
examples/publication_software/Streamfunction gradient/streamfunction_gradient.svg
examples/publication_software/Surface harmonics/arbitrary_surface.stl
examples/publication_software/Surface harmonics/suh.pdf
examples/publication_software/Surface harmonics/suh.svg
examples/publication_software/Surface harmonics/suhmesh.png
examples/publication_software/Surface harmonics/surface_harmonics.png
examples/publication_software/UML diagram/UML_diagram.rst
examples/publication_software/UML diagram/packages.svg
examples/publication_software/UML diagram/packages_bfieldtools.pdf
examples/publication_software/UML diagram/packages_bfieldtools.svg
examples/thermal_noise/README.rst
examples/thermal_noise/thermal_noise_simulation.py
examples/validation/README.rst
examples/validation/computation_time.py
examples/validation/dipole_approx_error.py
examples/validation/inductance_comparison.py
examples/validation/inductance_computation_time.pdf
examples/validation/inductance_computation_time.png
examples/validation/one_element.py
examples/validation/spherical_harmonics_bfield_validation.py
examples/validation/test_integrals.py
examples/validation/validate_bfield_analytic.py
examples/validation/validate_bfield_disc.py
examples/validation/validate_laplacian_matrix.py
examples/validation/validate_line_charge_potential.py
examples/validation/validate_linear_dipole.py
examples/validation/validate_magnetic_field_line_segments.py
examples/validation/validate_self_inductance.py
examples/validation/validate_suh_shift_invert.py
examples/validation/validate_uniform_triangle.py
logo/logo.py
logo/logo_simple.png
logo/logo_simple.svg
logo/logo_simple_w_name.svg
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_coil_optimize.py
tests/test_contour.py
tests/test_integrals.py
tests/test_kicad_io.py
tests/test_line_conductor.py
tests/test_mesh_calculus.py
tests/test_mesh_conductor.py
tests/test_mesh_magnetics.py
tests/test_sphtools.py
tests/test_suhtools.py
tests/test_thermal_noise.py
tests/test_utils.py
tests/test_viz.py
tests/test_examples/__init__.py