"create"
********


Description
===========

Creates an application migration in the specified compartment. Specify
the compartment using the compartment ID.


Usage
=====

   oci application-migration migration create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--application-name [text]

Name of the application being migrated from the source.

--compartment-id, -c [text]

Unique idenfifier (OCID) for the compartment where the Source is
located.

--discovery-details [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--source-id [text]

Unique identifier (OCID) of the application source.


Optional Parameters
===================

--application-config [complex type]

Configuration required to migrate the application. In addition to the
key and value, additional fields are provided to describe type type
and purpose of each field. Only the value for each key is required
when passing configuration to the CreateMigration operation.

This option is a JSON dictionary of type dict(str,
ConfigurationField).  For documentation on ConfigurationField please
see our API reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/applica
tionmigration/20191031/datatypes/ConfigurationField. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{"foo-namespace": {"bar-key": "value"}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--description [text]

Description of the application.

--display-name [text]

Human-readable name of the application.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{"bar-
key": "value"}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--service-config [complex type]

Configuration required to migrate the application. In addition to the
key and value, additional fields are provided to describe type type
and purpose of each field. Only the value for each key is required
when passing configuration to the CreateMigration operation.

This option is a JSON dictionary of type dict(str,
ConfigurationField).  For documentation on ConfigurationField please
see our API reference: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/applica
tionmigration/20191031/datatypes/ConfigurationField. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
